---
layout: post
title: "Day 8: Helping Out / Progress Report"
date: 2016-02-04
---

The Learn community is quite amazing.  The few times I tried to help a fellow student in Ask A Question, there are at least 2 or 3 people jumping in to help out.  I usually check if the other guys coming in are Learn Experts/Staff or the number of lessons they have done to have a gauge on the level of participation I should partake.  Like Avi said, helping others with code really help re-enforce my learning of the topics at hand or add to my existing knowledge or even help me identify what I have forgotten or just never got to cover.  It makes me go back to my old code and see how I can explain it with the right terms or even realize how I can write it more elegantly.

# Progress Report #
I would say at Day 8, I should have done 64 hours of lessons by my original goal of 8 hours per day. If I take an average of 30 mins per lesson, I should be at the 128th lesson by now whereas I have only completed 57 lessons.  This means I have maybe only done 28 hours worth of lessons, or just 3.5 hours per day.  That is a terrible pace and way off my original plan.

The average 3.5 hours per day really means I have other priorities getting in the way of my commitment to Learn.  Where did the other 4.5 hours go?

1. Slack ( 0.5 hour )
2. Ask A Question ( 0.5 hour )
3. Work obligations I have't been able to eliminate or put off ( 1 hour )
4. Checking the news / web ( 1.5 hour )
5. Baby sitting ( 1 hour )

Let's shoot for 6 hours tomorrow by eliminating 3 and 4 already.  Is that really 12 lessons?  I will report back.  As of tonight 47/66 in HTML/CSS.
